Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today I’m going
to explain an Italian fantasy-superhero film
called “The Invisible Boy,” Spoilers
ahead! Watch out and take care!
At the beginning of the movie, we see a boy named
Michele Silenzi, cycling to his school in Trieste,
Italy. He has a fifty euro note with which he
plans to buy a costume for a party. At school,
he sits behind his long-time crush, Stella.
Their class is interrupted by a police officer
named Giovanna, who also happens to be Michele’s
mother. She is there to inquire about a student’s
disappearance. Giovanna requests the class to
inform the police if they hear from the missing
student. After she leaves, Michele’s nose starts
to bleed, so he runs to the bathroom. His bullies,
who have been troubling him for a long time,
threaten him into handing them all his money. He
goes back home, disheartened by the incident. He
brings out a few pennies he had saved and decides
to buy one with the money. Michele then visits
a rusty-looking store and asks for a superhero
costume. The shopkeeper hands him a skin-tight
overall and a lousy cape. He claims that it is
the suit of a Chinese superhero. Michele doesn’t
seem fond of the costume but buys it anyway.
When Giovanna returns home from work, she sees
Michele in his costume refusing to go to the party
because he thinks he looks stupid. She reassures
him that he looks good and sends him to the party.
There, Michele enjoys himself and even talks
to his crush Stella. But then, his bullies
play a video of Stella walking through the street.
They claim that the video was found on Michele’s
phone and that he has been stalking Stella.
An embarrassed Michele runs to the bathroom
and locks himself in. All of his classmates bang
on the door from outside, asking him to open it.
Michele is frustrated and wishes that he was
invisible right before the lights go out.
In the following scene, we see him jump out of
the bathroom window and go back home. The next
morning, Michele wakes up to his dog barking at
him. He doesn’t pay him much attention and goes
to the bathroom to brush his teeth. When he looks
into the mirror, Michele is beyond shocked to see
just his robe and the brush. His body is invisible
in the mirror. Michele rushes out and takes his
robe off. Just then, his mother walks in and
completely ignores the boy, proving that only
Michele can see himself. When she starts looking
around, Michele quickly writes that he has gone to
school early on a paper and places it on the bed.
Giovanna reads it and dismisses the matter.
After leaving the room, she calls Michele on his
phone. An invisible Michele picks it up and tells
her that he is fine. Confused about what he should
do next, he dresses up in long-sleeved clothes.
After covering every part of his body, he goes
to school and watches Stella from afar. Michele
then notices his bully and plans to teach
him a lesson for troubling him so much. He
takes his clothes off and walks inside the
school naked and invisible. During class,
he picks up the bully’s paintball gun and uses
it on the teacher, making the teacher suspend
the bully. Then, Michele makes his way to the
girl’s changing room and watches them undress.
Suddenly, a towel lands on him, making
his silhouette evident to everyone.
Right then, his powers start to fade, making
him visible again. The girls scream as they
see a naked Michele under the towel.
The next day, Michele is in his class, where
a psychologist named Basili is giving a lecture
about teens’ mental health. Two of Michele’s
classmates have run away from home in the past
month so he thinks it is necessary to understand
teens’ way of thinking. As Michele listens to the
lecture, his hands start to glow, and suddenly,
they disappear. Thankfully, the class is over, and
he runs out before anyone can see him disappear.
He rushes home, covering all parts of his body
and sees his little sister Candela in his room.
Michele asks her to go downstairs while facing the
wall. A suspicious Candela opens and closes the
door to make it seem like she has left. Michele
doesn’t turn around to check and starts to take
his clothes off. When he turns around, Candela
screams in fear, seeing her brother is invisible.
Michele calms her down and tells her that
his costume has given him superpowers.
Meanwhile, at the police station, the psychiatrist
Basili works with Giovanna to investigate the
missing children. Giovanna insists that the
children might be kidnapped, but Basili argues
they are just being rebellious, which is normal
for their age. When Giovanna returns home, Michele
is still invisible. Giovanna talks to someone
on the phone, revealing that Michele is adopted.
A surprised and hurt Michele walks out of the
house to a nearby swing. While he is swinging,
Stella arrives there and thinks Michele is
a ghost. She doesn’t seem to be scared and
instead asks him to be her friend. He makes a
smiling face on the sand to communicate with her.
The two decide to meet again. After Stella
leaves, Michele sees a man nearby staring at him,
although he is invisible. The man walks away using
a stick, revealing that he is blind. At night,
Michele visits Stella’s home. Stella is delighted
to have made an invisible friend. The two kiss but
right then, Michele’s powers start to fade. He
runs away before Stella can see his face.
Later, Stella is in her gymnastic class alone
when a needle strikes her back. It makes her drop
unconscious. Elsewhere, Michele has decided to
tell Stella about him being the invisible boy. He
makes his way to her gymnastic class with his dog.
When he reaches the building, he sees a masked man
carrying Stella. Michele attacks the man and the
dog bites his hand. However, the man manages to
escape with the girl. Later, the police arrive at
the scene. They figure that the missing children
weren’t running away but have been kidnapped.
Stella wakes up in a strange facility with her
head attached to several wires. The psychiatrist
Basili is there interrogating her. It turns out
that he is the one who has been kidnapping
the children. They run some tests on the girl
and send her to a cell. Two of her friends who
had gone missing before her are there too.
The following day, Michele is alone at a nearby
beach when suddenly, the blind man from the
previous day appears in front of him. The man
answers all of Michele’s questions before he
can ask them. It is as if he can read minds. When
Michele asks him who he is, the man reveals that
his name is Andreij and he is Michele’s father.
The boy doesn’t believe Andreij and accuses him
of lying. Andreij then begins to tell his story.
He used to be a normal man from a small town in
Russia until a devastating nuclear explosion hit
the town. The radiation killed a lot of people
and made a permanent change in others.
It caused their DNA to mutate, giving them unique
superhuman abilities like flying, telepathy,
being invisible, and so on. These people were
called the specials and were brought to a military
camp called the division to be used as weapons.
The division used them beyond their capacity. The
more power the specials used, the weaker they got.
Another side effect was that everyone was
infertile, except for Andreij and Michele’s
mother. So, breeding new specials was impossible.
The two gave birth to Michele, who was the first
special kid. But as soon as he was born, they
took him away. So, the parents decided to
run away with Michele and were successful.
But the people from the division weren’t going
to back down. They pursued the couple to bring the
child back. Michele’s father had the power to read
people’s minds, while his mother had the power
to be invisible. Andreji managed to run away with
Michele, but his wife was killed by the division.
Andreji knew Michele wasn’t safe with him, so he
put him in front of Giovanna’s door after reading
her mind and confirming she was a good person.
Now, the people of the division have found out
that the special kid lives in the town. So they
are kidnapping children and testing them to
see if they are special. After listening to
his true origin, Michele is shocked. He almost
doesn’t believe it, but Andreji says that they do
not have much time to talk because the fisherman
beside them thinks Andreji is suspicious and has
called the police. Andreji hands Michele a suit
that turns invisible along with his body. He then
removes the fisherman’s memory and leaves.
The police arrive shortly along with Basili.
Giovanna reveals to him that Michele is adopted,
which makes Basili believe that he might be the
special kid. He offers to take Michele home.
When they reach home, Michele notices Basili’s
hand injury, which is at the exact place
his dog had bitten Stella’s kidnapper.
He looks at the man suspiciously and tries running
away. It turns out that Basili has locked all the
doors and is planning to abduct him. Michele
runs into a room and takes off his clothes,
turning invisible. He manages to escape while
Basili follows him. When they are on the streets,
Michele sees his bully Ivan on his bike. He sits
behind him and asks him to drive away quickly.
A nervous Ivan obliges. When they reach a safe
area, Michele reveals himself to Ivan and tells
him all about their classmates’ abduction.
Meanwhile, Stella and her friends see ventilation
on the ceiling. They climb on each other, and
Stella manages to step outside. While hiding
from guards, she climbs a tower and reaches a
searching light. Believing that her invisible
friend is looking for her, she makes a smiling
face on the light and flashes it up to the sky.
Michele sees the smiling face and realises
that Stella is trying to hint at them.
He and Ivan follow the light, but as soon as
they get there, Stella is caught by the guards.
Ivan causes an electric malfunction using his
paintball gun as an invisible Michele goes inside.
He sees Basili and his men monitoring Giovanna
and Andreji, who have joined hands to look for
Michele. He then goes further in and knocks out a
guard. Using his gun, he threatens the other guard
to open the cell where Stella and the others are
trapped. After getting them out and trapping the
guards inside, Michele reveals himself to
his friends, who are beyond surprised.
The boys want to run away, but Stella insists
they save an old man who she had seen locked
in another room. She and Michele go to
save the man, but Stella takes him to
the villains instead and points a gun at
Michele. She suddenly falls unconscious,
and the old man behind her starts talking. It
turns out that he has the power of mind control.
He has been controlling Basili and Stella
to get Michele here. He then brings down
a submarine and puts Michele and Stella in
it. The men take the two into the sea.
Just then, Andreji and Giovanna arrive at the
place and meet Ivan. The building has been set
to explode in a few seconds. They quickly save
the two abducted kids and Basili from inside.
Andreji reads Basili’s mind and realises that
someone was controlling him. They quickly get
away from the building, which explodes in
pieces right after. Back in the submarine,
Michele discovers his telekinesis power and
starts trashing the place. Using his powers,
he manages to kill the men and save himself
and Stella. They finally get back to the shore,
where a lot of people are waiting for them.
Michele goes invisible in front of them, flaunting
his power. Andreji tells Michael that they will
have to remove everyone’s memories because the
division will come looking for them again. Michele
obliges and kisses Stella for the last time.
Andreji tells Michele he will be back and leaves
after erasing everyone’s memories. Everyone then
returns to their normal life. The scene cuts
to somewhere in Russia. Michele’s mother who
was thought to be dead was only wounded in the
encounter. She had defeated the division back then
and is now ruling it. In fact, she was the one
who sent those people to get Michele back to her.
The woman is now against all the “normal” people
who look at them as if they are freaks. At last, a
guard informs her that although they lost Michele,
they have found his twin sister Natasha. A clip of
the past shows us that Andreji ran away with two
children that day. The movie ends as the guard
tells Michele’s mother that Natasha is somewhere
in Morocco, hinting towards a sequel.
Subscribe for more videos like
this, turn on notifications,
and leave a like to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching.